READ THIS FIRST!!!!!!!!!!!!
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
this document is for while in the testing phase. this is solely so i can keep track of the questions and their values
while in the testing phase. they are here in case i delete them or something stupid happens.
it also makes copying and pasting them later very easy. 

WILL BE DELETED IN FINAL BUILD
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------





1a. I’m constantly on the lookout for new products, services, or technologies that
might improve the business results of my organization.  E
1b. I would quit my job before I would compromise my personal values or my
personal sense of what is “right.”  I

2a. I have a strong need to devote time to personal or non-work interests.  L
2b. I am willing to make personal sacrifices in order to move up in my career.  M

3a. I often wish I had the power to right the wrongs in our society.  I
3b. I get very frustrated when others try to limit my autonomy.  A

4a. I enjoy roles where I am in charge and required to lead others.  M
4b. I enjoy the challenge of selling my ideas to others.  E

5a. Being valued and appreciated for my contributions to the organization are critical
to my sense of career success.  S
5b. I like to work on the most technically challenging projects within my
field/organization.  F/T

6a. I like jobs that provide me with a lot of visibility and exposure to important people
in the organization.  M
6b. I like to work in areas where I can be self-reliant and do not have to depend on
others.  A

7a. Initiating new ideas or starting new ventures is more fun for me than managing
an existing operation. E
7b. I am a very competitive person – winning is important to my sense of fulfillment. C

8a. Making the world a better place is more important to me than organization
status and money. I
8b. Moving up the organization ladder is very important to my sense of success. M

9a. I have a strong need to remain on the cutting edge of my field. F/T
9b. I would leave my current job if it prevented me from balancing my work,
professional, and personal needs. L

10a. I would not accept a promotion if it reduced my job security. S
10b. I would rather resign than work for a control-oriented manager. A

11a. I have a strong need to give myself to a good cause. I
11b. I constantly strive to test myself and find new challenges at work. C

12a. I thrive on doing cutting-edge technical work. F/T
12b. I thrive in roles where I am required to get work done through others. M

13a. I can’t enjoy my work if I don’t have a sense of security and stability. S
13b. I enjoy taking risks and taking on opportunities that test my entrepreneurial skills. E

14a. I work best in an environment where management lets me scope out my own
work methods and schedules. A
14b. Success at work would not compensate for failure to achieve my goals in other
aspects of my life. L

15a. I enjoy managing and leading others, regardless of the field or nature of the
work they do. M
15b. Having work that tests my limits is more important than my position or title. C

16a. To feel good about myself, I need to feel that I am making a real difference in
society. I
16b. I like to work for managers who respect my need for balance between work and
personal needs. L

17a. Financial security is critical to me when making career decisions. S
17b. I would rather resign than do anything that conflicts with my personal values
or offends my personal sense of propriety. I

18a. I would rather have short, intense, task-force assignments than longer-term or
more predictable assignments. C
18b. I enjoy my work best when I can use my education and the skills of my profession. F/T

19a. My non-work interests are as important to me as my work. L
19b. I believe that to be successful in your career you must adapt your personal
interests and goals to align with the needs of the organization. S

20a. A lateral transfer into a totally new field/technical area would NOT appeal to me. F/T
20b. I get turned on by change, variety, and championing new ideas. E

21a. In the absence of challenge, I tend to quickly become irritable and bored. C
21b. I like to work for managers who reward hard work, dependability, and loyalty. S

22a. I often dream about starting my own business. E
22b. I work hard to balance my needs with the needs of the organization. I seek out
work assignments that give me the flexibility or time to meet my needs. L

23a. Serving others and making a difference in their lives is essential to my job
satisfaction. I
23b. Working with interesting things and solving tough problems within my field is
more fun to me than working with people. F/T

24a. I look for jobs that offer a sense of stability and long-term prospects. S
24b. I am competitive and have good problem-solving skills, even under conditions of
ambiguity and uncertainty. M

25a. I enjoy situations where others seek my expert opinion or seek me out to
“trouble-shoot” problems of a technical nature. F/T
25b. Being free of rules and narrowly defined procedures is essential to my sense of
job satisfaction. A

26a. I would rather pass up a promotion than take an assignment that will seriously
interfere with personal or non-work needs. L
26b. I would resign rather than take a routine or easy to accomplish job. C

27a. Career success means being in control of how I complete my work. A
27b. I thrive on doing the impossible or winning against very tough competitors. C

28a. I enjoy my work best when I am championing new ideas, products, or initiatives. E
28b. More than anything else, I need work that allows me the freedom to do it my way. A

Entrepreneurial: Creating new things and championing new ideas, products, processes, and so on.

Autonomy: Having the freedom to control one’s own work methods, schedules, and outcomes; being self-reliant .

Idealistic: Being dedicated to a cause greater than oneself; giving of oneself in service to others.

Lifestyle: Achieving a certain lifestyle by finding ways to balance and integrate one’s personal needs with the needs of work and career.

Functional/Technical: Engaging in work that utilizes one’s specific talents and education; doing work where one can be the expert.

Security: Needing security, stability, recognition, and predictability; demonstrating qualities of loyalty, dependability, and hard work.

Managerial: Being in roles where one can provide direction and leadership for others; climbing the managerial ladder.

Challenge: Doing things that represent ever increasing challenge; overcoming significant odds or winning against formidable competitors.
